CSCI 265Project Debriefing ReportOverviewThis report will demonstrate the success of Assignments 3 and 4: KWIC Modification as requested by Professor Peter Walsh, Vancouver Island University.Project ManagementAs in our first project, the tool called Trello was used.  As before, Trello proved instrumental in the initial planning of the coding to be done.  Additionally, it proved highly effective in the organization of the tasks assigned to different subgroups of the overall team as well as the definition of the overall task undertaken by each subgroup.  As code and documentation was submitted to Google Code, Trello facilitated observations made by group members about possible areas of improvement of submitted materials and kept track of public conversations on these matters.  As before, access to http://www.trello.com is available upon request.Like the last project, all code and documentation was stored at the repository http://code.google.com.  However, unlike last project, the revision control system used was GIT.  GIT was chosen since it allowed for branching. This allowed the subgroups to branch and commit development code. Branches can be then merged with master when development on them is complete. From our experience with the last project we learned that we should start early and rigidly and comprehensively define the tasks to be accomplished using documentation.  We did this through the note structure used on Trello and the modification and adherence to MISs, MGs, and Requirement Specifications.  We also used the experience we gained about working as a team from the first assignment to improve how we worked as a team for this assignment.   Team MembersDespite the addition of a new member, like last project, all team members contributed to the project without any strife between teammates.  That being said, the roles taken on by members of the group are different than last project.  Unlike Assignment 1-2 where all members of the group contributed to both coding and documentation, in this project all of the coding done to improve KWIC was done by Lochlin who finished the coding in approximately 3-4 hours on the first weekend after the project was assigned.  Excluding Evan who cleaned up Lochlin’s code, the rest of the team was relegated to writing documentation, enhancing driver code to expand line coverage, and creating a graph demonstrating the vast superiority of our group’s KWIC performance to that of the old KWIC. Team HierarchyAs before, the team worked cooperatively on the project with Oliver elected by consensus to be our leader.  This leader was tasked with overall management of the team.  Oliver carried out these tasks faithfully and without abuse of the privilege that they granted.Decision Making ProcessThis team operated as a democracy.  Since there were seven team members no deadlock policy was needed.  MeetingsFormal meetings were held every Monday.  Intermediate meetings were held as needed.  Minutes were only held for formal meetings.Project StatusAll parts of this project were completed.  Performance increased from O(n2) to O(n).Issues ExperiencedOur primary issue for this project was finding work for everyone to do.  There was not much to do and splitting it up between 7 group members proved challenging.Since this was the second academic group that most of the group members had been in there were still some learning to be done.  That being said, we feel that the experience gained from this second project has provided us with the knowledge we did not get from the group work in the last project.As in the last project, we faced the issue of syncing team activity.  However, as a result of our creation of MIS, MG, etc. early on in the project and the knowledge we gained from the first project on the proper use of MISs etc., these issues were dealt with. The final issue we faced was the conflict scheduling work on this project caused with our various family, school, and extracurricular commitments.   Individual Team Member Debriefing ReportsIncluded in this project are individual team member debriefing reports.  We feel these reports are important because they provide each group member’s individual opinions on how the group functioned and on how much the other group members participated in the project.  This gives a truer representation of how the group functioned and enhances the content of the overall project debriefing report.  